docs: side effect import sorting (#304)
biomejs/website: src/content/docs/analyzer/import-sorting.mdx

import { functionThatUsesFlatMap } from "./utils.js";
```

## Side effect imports

[Side effect imports](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import#forms_of_import_declarations) are import statements that usually don't import any name:

```js
import "./global.js"
```

Since it is difficult to determine which side effects a module triggers, the import sorter assumes that each side effect import forms its own import group.

For example, the following imports form 4 import groups.

> ```js

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```js name="file.js"
``````

import sibling from "./sibling";       // Import group 1
import { internal } from "#internal";  // Import group 1
import "z";  // Import group 2
import "a";  // Import group 3
import React from "react";         // Import group 4
import assert from "node:assert";  // Import group 4
```

Each group is independently sorted as follows:

> ```js

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
```js name="file.js"
``````

import { functionThatUsesFlatMap } from "./utils.js";
```

## Side effect imports

> A [side effect imports](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import#forms_of_import_declarations) are import statements that don't import any name:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [side effect imports](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import#forms_of_import_declarations) are import statements that usually don't import any name:
```

It's not always like this

```js
import "./global.js"
```

> Since it is hard to determine which side effect the module brought,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since it is hard to determine which side effects a module teiggers,
```

> The import organizer creates a group for every side effect imports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the import sorting creates a group for every side effect imports.
```

Not sure why you went to a new line after a comma, it breaks the period and it's difficult to read (source code)

Also, **import sorting** 😅

Author: A single Markdown line break doesn't translate to a line break? We need a blank line to have a line break no?

Reviewer: No. You need two new lines. Check the rendered website. Plus, as I said, going to a new line after a comma is incorrect

> Since it is hard to determine which side effects a module triggers,
> the import sorting creates a group for every side effect imports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since it is hard to determine which side effects a module triggers, the import sorting creates a group for every side effect imports.
```

Sorry to be pedantic, truly, but going to a new line after a comma really hurts my eyes. It isn't about the rendered code, but the source code.

> This means that imports that appear before and imports that appear after a side effect imports are independently sorted.

Reviewer: When you fixed the issue, you talked about each single side-effect module being a single group. That explanation was simple and effective. I would use that explanation.

The explanation proposed is a bit difficult to follow, especially because we talked about side-effect modules until now, and we focus on the groups before and after the side-effects.

For example, the following imports:

```js
 import sibling from "./sibling";
 import { internal } from "#internal";

> import "z"
> import "a"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 import "z"
 import "a"
```

 import React from "react";
 import assert from "node:assert";
```

are sorted as follows:

```js
 import { internal } from "#internal";
 import sibling from "./sibling";

> import "z"
> import "a"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 import "z"
 import "a"
```
